{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1187\cocoasubrtf390
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11400\viewh12500\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 So a new JeffSchram.com. Why? Well, I want to learn to write. Write well, I guess. I know a bunch of words and I can put them together, but overall, I'm not great at fully expressing my thinking behind what I do. I tend to just do it, and hope it just sort of speaks for itself. Instead, I'd like to share with you the stories behind the projects, keep you updated on updates, and hopefully provide some insights on my work and contribute to the arts & web community.\
\
I'd be pretty easy to just focus on the web; I've been making websites for a long time and I'm pretty hip to the latest gizmodgery. I could write articles on my opinions on other people's opinions about the right way to do things, highlight the latest 'awesomeness', put up some tutorials and call it a day. But I'd like it this site to be a bit more.\
\
I was a nerdy kid in high school who was lucky enough to skip most of his senior year to go to art school. I went to college to be a cinematographer and ended up a classical guitar player. I later moved to NYC to be a songwriter and after a while, ended up running a small freelance design business. I later became focused on front-end development and eventually ended up with one of those 'jobs' everyone had been talking about.\
\
Maybe this is similar to your path, not the specific steps, but the rambling wanderingness of it all. I've never really stopped to take a look at it all. I'm hoping that by writing about it, I might make some connections and see it as a more cohesive whole.  We'll see.\
\
Major focuses of the site are:\
\
JOURNAL\
- Articles and little bits of musings about the work I'm doing.\
	* Music\
	* Web\
	* Photography\
	* Video\
	* Making\
\
PROJECTS\
- Showing the projects\
- Telling the stories behind the projects\
- Project updates\
- Linking to the related journal posts\
- CTA for projects: buy the album, contrib to the repo\
\
MEDIA\
- A place to listen to music, see photos/galleries, watch videos\
- Read a little about each piece\
\
ABOUT\
- A little bio\
- Links and socials\
- Known Associates: bits about friends and colleagues I love and recommend\
\
\
How should it all work? I'd like the site to be fresh and relevant, always something new and interesting. I'd like you to find something you like and follow links to related stuff.\
\
\
\
ORGANIZATION\
\
A journal post should list other posts with the same topics\
A journal post show list other posts in the same project\
\
A project should link to a list of posts with the same topics\
A project should list posts related to this project\
\
\
Music Example: The Moon\
- I'm recording a new album called The Moon. This is a project. I want a page describing the whole project, including a music player to listen to it, download it etc.\
- Also want a list of music journal posts that talk about the songs, and updated versions of the songs.\
\
The Project Post\
- Category: "The Moon, Projects"\
- Tags: music, songwriting, recording, guitar, lyrics, etc.\
\
Posts\
- As i'm making updates and talking about it, I'd give a post the category of 'The Moon' and tag it with whatever that post is about. Maybe I'm focusing on recording, guitar, songwriting, singing, lyrics, inspiration etc.\
\
\
\
\
}